# Dice-Roll
  Rolling a dice for a dnd skill check, creating a list of dnd stats, and loading said dnd stats
  You'll be presented a menu with options 1, 2, 3, and 4, and be asked to input a value between 1 and 4. If you input 1, you'll load a skill check. If you input 2, you'll load a stat roll. If you input 3, you'll load save files for core stats. If you input 4, you'll exit the program.
  If you activate a skill check, you must first input a value between 1 and 20, which will serve as your skill check, which you must roll a value equal to or greater than to pass. You will then be asked to input whether you wish to roll for advantage, disadvantage, or neither. If you roll for neither, one d20 is rolled. If you select advantage or disadvantage, two d20 are rolled and one is chosen, the greater if rolling for advantage and the lesser if rolling for disadvantage. You will then be asked for a modifier, which will then be combined with the rolled value and then compared with the skill check. If the value is greater than the check, you pass. If it is less than the check, you fail. It then returns you to the main menu.
  If you activate a stat roll, the program will produce six values by rolling for d6 for each, subtracting the lowest roll, and combining the rest for each individual value. The values are then presented, and you are asked to assign the values to the six core stats: strength, dexterity, consitution, constitution, wisdom, and charisma. You can input a number from 1 to at most 6 to assign one of the values to a core stat, and once all are assigned, it will print the result as well as the proficiency modifier each stat value produces, which is calculated by subtracting ten and dividing by two and rounding down the quotient. You will then be given the option to save, and if you select no, you will return to the menu. If you select yes, you'll be shown three files to select from, with the option to cancel if you wish. If you select a file, the list of values you produced will be assigned to the chosen file and you will be returned to the title screen.
  If you choose option 3, you will be given the three files to print. If you select any of the files, the corresponding file will print the list of values saved to it. If there is nothing assigned to the file, it will print that the file is empty. Either way, it will return you to the main menu after printing.
  If you select 4, aka exit, it will simply break from the main menu function and therefore end the program.
  When you receive the code, it is recommended you simply paste the code in a python launcher such as replit. There is currently an issue wherein importing the code causes issues with certain secret values, of which there is no solution we are aware of. If you cannot import the code to a respective launcher, copy and pasting it will work for at least testing it.
